--- 
wordpress_id: 754
layout: post
title: valentines eve. umm.. nope.
excerpt: so this weekend was pretty fun. on friday I hung out with morgan and we went to a art opening at my friend lenores gallery. the opening was fun - but the hanging out was really good. after this event, we went to a party where a pinata filled with cayan pepper was exploded prior to our arrival. it was rather abrasive on my poor nasal passage ;). we hun...
tags: rock, insane, movies, holidays
wordpress_url: http://new.nata2.org/?p=754
---
so this weekend was pretty fun. on friday I hung out with morgan and we went to a art opening at my friend <a href="http://www.redrocketgallery.com">lenores gallery</a>. the opening was fun - but the hanging out was really good. after this event, we went to a party where a pinata filled with cayan pepper was exploded prior to our arrival. it was rather abrasive on my poor nasal passage ;). we hung out here and drank rather rough gin drinks until we got hungry enough to leave. we ate at clarks and we acted like we were straightedge. it ruled.<Br><br/>

Sooo. valentines day was quite fun. I met morgan at the train (after apparently almost getting mugged by the most lackadaisical mugger: I just said no) and we went to the <A href="http://nata2.info/?path=pictures%2Fholidays%2Fvalentines_04">monster truck rally</a>. it was really fun. a perfect valentines date. it ruled. I liked <a href="http://www.gravedigger.com">gravedigger</a> the best ;).the strangest part were all the little kids without ear plugs. so sad. a couple of them were obviously uncomfortable. so after the monster truck rally - we went to morgans house and hung out with my roommate matt, alan, colby, felice and morgans roomates:jeremy and tanya. we hung out, ate cheese, and drank margaritas and beers. it was fun. eventually we played the word game. which was quite fun - because everyone is interested in spelling. then everyone left. <Br><br/>and it suddenly was morning. today I was really off in regards to my bodies feelings.. .heh.. I basically watched movies and slept ALL day. it ruled. I imagine I will goto sleep soon.. and then wake up refreshed. I do need to buy some decongetants or whatever. <Br><br/>today my friend told me how he met bill gates. I think that is insane. he could buy all his friends and his families lives with very very little work. that is screwed up. hah. anyway. I am watching a movie..so this whole entry probably doesn't make a damn bit of sense. but whatever. I am the roxor.

