--- 
wordpress_id: 944
layout: post
title: I am back. although i never left.
excerpt: so i accidently broke my webserver. haha. well by accidently i mean i am in the process of moving all my important and not so important sites to my new webserver so in the process i broke it. it sucked. but now it is mostly back to normal. everything is pretty much the same except i am unable to officially do my photolog right now. but i still update the master "
date: 2004-09-30 01:21:10 -05:00
tags: books, php, server, sites, laptop, asia, porn, hiromi
wordpress_url: http://new.nata2.org/?p=944
---
so i accidently broke my webserver. haha. well by accidently i mean i am in the process of moving all my important and not so important sites to my new webserver so in the process i broke it. it sucked. but now it is mostly back to normal. everything is pretty much the same except i am unable to officially do my photolog right now. but i still update the master "<a href="http://nata2.org/photolog.php?expand=1">moblog</a>." so check it out. <br><br>work is weird right now. today i moved all my stuff from my cubical. like four boxes of crap i have collected - mostly nick nacks and such. it was nice to remove it but also sad. transition is totally hard. and i am in the thick of it. all i do is wonder. haha. but whatever. it will be a nice change. <br><br>my laptop is totally fuxored up. the wireless doesn't work with my router. it possibly could be my router. but maybe not. it has been flaky today. lame. <br><br>i am kinda tired. today i inadvertently slept all after  noon. i missed like two meetings i had with friends. it sucked. but i apparently needed the sleep. <br><br>i am still reading my "dark japanese fiction." today hiromi told me that try as i might i will never become japanese. i laughed. i am applying now to teach english in japan. haha. and i just purchased a bunch of anime. and i totally download asian porn all day. well those things are all not true - except for hiromi telling me that i am not japanese. anyway. yesterday i read kitchen by bana yoshimoto. it was so good. very very sad. but also nice and happy. i hate that my vocabulary causes me to describe books as nice. i wish i could actually use words that are appropriate rather than nice, good and like. someday i will be a real boy. i promise. <br><br>ok now i am going to debug fopen and webpages on my new box. <br><br>btw this is the new server. <br><br>btw btw. it is still broken
