--- 
wordpress_id: 756
layout: post
title: omg. sometimes people are really dumb..
excerpt: So.. a friend of mine messaged me and was rather freaked out by the fact that a online celebrity RPG was stalking her. heh. I did a bit of research and I noticed that the entire kill hannah group is enveloped in this stupid internet false world. hehe. weird...
date: 2004-02-18 19:53:39 -06:00
tags: php, internet, search, insane, juggling, music, girls, philosophy, kungfu, hiromi
wordpress_url: http://new.nata2.org/?p=756
---
So.. a friend of mine messaged me and was rather freaked out by the fact that a <a href="http://www.geocities.com/must_be_pop2001/index.html">online celebrity RPG</a> was stalking her. heh. I did a bit of research and I noticed that <a href="http://ironkungfu.com/wiki/index.php/why%20people%20are%20bad">the entire kill hannah group</a> is enveloped in this stupid internet false world. hehe. weird. sometimes the world is insane. INSANE I say.<br/><br/> what are peoples fascination with death in june and boyd rice. why is it that people will defend these bands as not being racist, fascist, misanthropic or generally skinhead-ish. I just have this general philosophy that I don't really want to associate myself with anything that skinheads are associated with. for instance I really try and dissasociate myself from all skinhead like activities - including listening to "fascist" music. ;)<br/><br/>last night ruled. I got home from a rather nice day at work - and ate guacamole with hiromi and then took a nap until 7. Mark came and picked me up - we went to the kill hannah show at metro.. also to check out the metro stage ;). we had a short yoyo demo on the balcony for pretty girls.. and then mark and I went to juggling club. juggling club is ruling right now. we had 20 members last night. after juggling I went to watusi for the kill hannah party and hung out with everyone.. and saw morgan. we then all went to slicks. it was nice. I enjoy dancing.. at this point I was dieing of starvation - so I escaped and morgan and I went to cafe taco and got their last tacos of the night. we ate them. then died. it is rougher than I remember - drinking and staying up late. eep. I couldn't deal with reality this morning. 
