--- 
wordpress_id: 1410
layout: post
title: Adsense results and website performance
date: 2007-02-16 10:52:13 -06:00
tags: technology, technology, money, adsense, tips, performance, ad-revenue, eaccelerator
wordpress_url: http://www.nata2.org/2007/02/16/adsense-results-and-website-performance/
---
<p>Whenever you read about tips to increase your Adsense earnings, you always get the same five or six tips about placement, color, and defeating ad&nbsp;blindness.&nbsp;Here are three that I remember:</p> <blockquote> <ul> <li>Make sure that your ads blend into your site  <li>Place ads in a prominent place  <li>Make sure they are visible to all visitors (regardless of screen size)</li></ul></blockquote> <p>These have helped me quite a bit to bring my ad revenue up. However I just discovered one that has helped more than anything else. </p> <blockquote> <ul> <li>Make sure your website is fast</li></ul></blockquote> <p>Making my website faster has doubled and almost tripled my ad revenue. It is insane. So here is some history:</p> <p>A couple months ago I wrote a rewrote one of my sites to take more advantage of the Internet community. Yea know - that web 2.0 crap. It basically allows people to integrate my content with the likes of facebook and myspace and all that. Nothing big. My ad revenue took a hit - then it got back up to where it was - however it didn't grow. I was kinda bummed. I was getting more and more traffic but not more and more ad revenue. So I start to evaluate why this was happening. While thinking about it, I noticed that my site was slow as shit. It was killing me. But it had been slow from the beginning - it had never been fast. So I was blind to it from the beginning. Then a couple days ago I <a href="http://www.nata2.org/2007/02/14/eaccelerator-made-it-faster/">installed eaccelerator</a> as a test of its power. It sped up my site. Noticeably. It really made things better. </p> <p>Then I logged into adsense.&nbsp;I hadn't expected a side effect of performance be that my users hung out more and that my clicks would go up. In fact - I never really thought about performance and adsense going hand in hand - but I was blind to it. </p> <p>Website performance has effected my ad revenue more than anything else I have done. </p> <p>Now keep in mind that my site was still usable. It was not so slow people were not going to it - but it was slow enough for people to eventually leave. And it stopped people from clicking around. So now - my visits are steady and my pageviews are up. people are sticking around more. They are happier - and my ad revenue is up. </p> <p>w00t. </p> <p>So make sure that your web applications are snappy - and you will surely get a better response in your ad revenue. </p> <div class="wlWriterSmartContent" id="0767317B-992E-4b12-91E0-4F059A8CECA8:2071c921-3a5a-45e3-8d49-ed9083a4f11e" contenteditable="false" style="padding-right: 0px; display: inline; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0px; margin: 0px; padding-top: 0px">[tags]eaccelerator, adsense, ad revenue, money, performance, tips[/tags]</div>
