--- 
wordpress_id: 1475
layout: post
title: I am not excited for the US to attack Iran
date: 2007-09-02 20:57:44 -05:00
tags: general, war, fear, bush, annoying, iran, sad
wordpress_url: http://www.nata2.org/2007/09/02/i-am-not-excited-for-the-us-to-attack-iran/
---
<p>I am not a fan of our current administration. I don't like how they work, what they do or what they have done to our country. I haven't voted them in. I have participated in removing them from office - without success. </p> <p>And now that it seems we are on the eve of an attack on Iran, i am not very happy. It is frustrating that a group of people are in power who are not listening to the world, not listening to their constituents and not listening to history. </p> <p>I do not think that attacking Iran is going to help in calming Iran down. They are mad that we stood in the way of their nuclear growth and they will not forget that. They seem to be coming in peace, but we won't let them. The international Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has&nbsp;written a paper saying that&nbsp;the&nbsp;Iranian&nbsp;nuclear activities are peaceful. However, the bush administration won't listen.&nbsp; They claim that there will be a&nbsp;risk of attack on Israel. Annoying. </p> <p>I think that real issue is that Iran has slowed the flow of oil. This has put the US in a bad place. Our dependence on oil is becoming a problem. The US peoples are becoming aware of energy use. We are weakening the big oil companies profits. They are mad. Cheney is mad. Cheney is making less money. </p> <p>Awesome. </p> <p>So here are some blogs:</p> <p><a href="http://icga.blogspot.com/2007/09/rollout-to-war-with-iran-update.html">This is a really good rundown</a> of all that has happened and all the information that is streaming from various sources.&nbsp; It also has a bunch of commentary showing how absolutely stupid it is to use violence to try and force a regime to do something. </p> <p><a href="http://www.dailykos.com/storyonly/2007/9/1/183018/1527">Here is a report from a navy person</a> talking about how the navy and marines are getting prepared for war. Its sad because it shows how we the US is being led to believe we have a choice:</p> <blockquote> <p>"Yes. We're gong to hit Iran, bigtime. Whatever political discussion that are going in is window dressing and perhaps even a red herring. I see what's going on below deck here in the hangars and weapons bays. And I have a sick feeling about how it's all going to turn out."</p></blockquote> <p>I know that is exactly how the government treats US. We are just there to appease and the gears of war are already in motion. </p> <p>The last link is to help prepare the Iranians . From craigslist: <a href="http://boston.craigslist.org/gbs/rnr/411208140.html">So you're about to be invaded by the United States</a>.&nbsp;Very important tips. </p> <p>My only hope is that whatever engagement happens - it will either lead to the removal of our horrible leaders and help the US regain control of this runaway train. I do fear that this is the beginning of a horrible war. That Iraq and Afghanistan has been child's play. </p> <div class="wlWriterSmartContent" id="0767317B-992E-4b12-91E0-4F059A8CECA8:a0a591a1-89fe-405c-bea3-8ded6d66868a" contenteditable="false" style="padding-right: 0px; display: inline; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0px; margin: 0px; padding-top: 0px">[tags]war, fear, bush, annoying, sad, iran[/tags]</div>
