--- 
wordpress_id: 373
layout: post
title: Doug Martsch..
excerpt: Someday I will make it so I can link back to previous articles. If that day were today.. I would link back to the article from over a year ago about how I love built to spill and I really enjoy them in concert. But since it isn't today I won't link to that specific article.. instead I will tell you. I really like built to spill and I really enjoy them in concert.. or more appropriatly I really ...
date: 2002-10-08 14:53:45 -05:00
tags: war, bush
wordpress_url: http://new.nata2.org/?p=373
---
Someday I will make it so I can link back to previous articles. If that day were today.. I would link back to the article from over a year ago about how I love built to spill and I really enjoy them in concert. But since it isn't today I won't link to that specific article.. instead I will tell you. I really like built to spill and I really enjoy them in concert.. or more appropriatly I really enjoy seeing doug martsch in concert. It was so good. I really enjoy that man. heh. <br/><br/>
i got some good links for yall today.. heh. check out the first paragraph of <a href="http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A57618-2002Oct7.html">this</a> page. hehe. I love how the media is distorting bush now.. heh. what a slide.. although I guess there point about not wanting to make people think that we are going to war is valid.. heh. <a href="http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story2&amp;cid=91&amp;ncid=91&amp;e=8&amp;u=/bpihw/20021008/en_bpihw/bertelsmann_confirms_its_past_connection_to_nazis">here</a> is a really nice article about how the publishign group bertelsmann helped hitler and the nazis. I think that the company is now acting responsible.. heh. <a href="http://www.dailytelegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2002/10/08/nuls08.xml&amp;sSheet=/news/2002/10/08/ixnewstop.html">somehow</a> some bush/blair transcripts were stolen.. hehe. dumbasses.. <br/><br/> it is interesting to see how the U.S. is reacting to post 1 year september eleventh. It seems that people are chilling out. Although last night I was in a cab with a crazy goon who wanted nothing but blow up all those "arabs." wtf. It was frustrating. it was a situation were I could say nothing without getting the cab driver all riled up.. whatever.. I was reading the newest world press review.. and there were some scathing reviews of bush and the US foreign policy.. heh .. 
