--- 
wordpress_id: 471
layout: post
title: error
excerpt: So I went to an oscar party tonight. I showed up and suddenly realized that my rocker charade was not going to cut it at the formal party I found my self at. Heh. my friend carl was like.. are you the hot guy or the weird guy.. well I was the weird guy.. but soon I became the hot guy.. oh so hot..  so the oscars.. I am so glad michael moore said what he said. it is imaportant to get that mes...
date: 2003-03-24 07:20:47 -06:00
tags: php, war, rock, watership, iraq, cars
wordpress_url: http://new.nata2.org/?p=471
---
So I went to an oscar party tonight. I showed up and suddenly realized that my rocker charade was not going to cut it at the formal party I found my self at. Heh. my friend carl was like.. are you the hot guy or the weird guy.. well I was the weird guy.. but soon I became the hot guy.. oh so hot.. <br/> so the oscars.. I am so glad michael moore said what he said. it is imaportant to get that message out to soo many people.. even if they did boo him. here is a small portion:
<blockquote><small>"We like nonfiction and we live in fictitious times. We live in a time where we have fictitious election results, that elect a fictitious president. We live in a time where we have a man sending us to war for fictitious reasons,"</small></blockquote>
Whoa.. eh.. yea. totally. <br/><br/>i had a good weekend. overall it turned out really nice. I made a new friend which is exciting. usually in the city it is very hard to make friends. something always seems to get in the way. but hopefully this new friend will be real and good.. whatever. I need sleep. I am now 25.. wheee.. <br/><br/>i am so frustrated at this crap about the american <a href="http://war.watership.org/link.php?lid=772">POWs</a>. I mean it sucks that they were taken prisoner.. however.. it is a frickin war. I mean seriously what did we expect. Did we think it was going to be candy and sunshine the whole time? Stupid tupid united states public. the dead bodies that were shown possibly died during COMBAT. maybe they were not abused, tortured and all that. maybe they died while FIGHTING FOR OIL. Maybe we should show pictures of our iraqi POWs. the tens of thousands that we expect to have. What about <a href="http://war.watership.org/link.php?lid=757">this</a> picture.. they have a flag of surrender.. where are the human rigths violation in shooting them in the head. Oh right.. iraqis are not human.. I forgot.. jesus..  this is so stupid.. 

<br/><br/>My friend was arrested and in jail for 20 hours for protesting. another friend was in jail for 30 hours.. for peace.. too bad.. eh.. 
