--- 
wordpress_id: 783
layout: post
title: what happens when it all goes wrong.
excerpt: today was kinda rough. morgan and I had a discussion last night that ended with our pretty much breaking up. it sucks quite a bit. I really didn't mean for this to happen. and I don't really know if she did either. but I am also not sure if it is something that is reconciliable or if it is just a situation that sucks and will not become "fixed." the reasons are all valid, and rational. it seems...
date: 2004-03-22 03:17:10 -06:00
tags: birthday, hiromi
wordpress_url: http://new.nata2.org/?p=783
---
today was kinda rough. morgan and I had a discussion last night that ended with our pretty much breaking up. it sucks quite a bit. I really didn't mean for this to happen. and I don't really know if she did either. but I am also not sure if it is something that is reconciliable or if it is just a situation that sucks and will not become "fixed." the reasons are all valid, and rational. it seems that it was a timing issue - not anything to do with reality or anything that breakups are usually. it just sucked a lot for it to be on my birthday. like a lot. I have officially postponed my birthday until next sunday. to help with my own sanity. <br/><bR>morgan is coming over now. we are going to talk about all this I imagine. it is pertty hard to deal with. mostly just something that I don't want to deal with. yea know. not an inconvienience. just something that is not my favorite. in fact it is so far from my favorite that I hate it. <br/><br/>i went to brunch today with <a href="http://nata2.info/?path=pictures%2Fevents%2F2004%3A03%3A21_birthday%20brunch">some friends</a>. it was a lot of fun. I am glad they dragged me out. I needed it so much. it was successful. what wasn't successful was going to a movie with hiromi. we went and saw <a href="http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/EternalSunshineoftheSpotlessMind-1130889/">Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind</a> - which I really enjoyed but isn't the best movie to see while you are all broken up over a girl. hah. what luck. <b>;)</b>. it ruled nonetheless. well ruled is an interesting description. ok. I am going to lie down. I need to remember to eat. remind me. 
