--- 
wordpress_id: 728
layout: post
title: yoyo website
excerpt: the last couple days I have been working in all my spare time to finish this yoyo website. I think it is going to be really fun. I will be doing a bunch of fancy things to make it good. I am excited to attempt a new website. I haven't made one in a couple of weeks. video editing is different. I think we need to eventually reshoot a bunch of stuff. but that is...
date: 2004-01-15 17:52:52 -06:00
tags: phone, sites, video, computers, websites, metal, mom, juggling, matiss, phones
wordpress_url: http://new.nata2.org/?p=728
---
the last couple days I have been working in all my spare time to finish this <a href="http://learntoyoyo.com">yoyo website</a>. I think it is going to be really fun. I will be doing a bunch of fancy things to make it good. I am excited to attempt a new website. I haven't made one in a couple of weeks. video editing is different. I think we need to eventually reshoot a bunch of stuff. but that is "ok." heh. <br/><br/>i have been listening to the <A href="http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/B00005NB2Q/nata2productions">microphones - the glow pt 2</a>. it is really nice - a lot of noise. I enjoy the noise right now. I don't know why. I have been hanging out with morgan a bunch. it is fun. I also enjoy that noise.. although it is keeping me from doing websites. ;) but that is a nice change. I recently made her a couple cds - they are pretty funny. I always laugh whenever I make someone cds - especially if I want to impress them. cuz you don't want the cds to be crap - but you don't want to scare the person away by showing them what you really listen to (this may be the case only for me - ahhh death metal). but I instead made a black metal cd (which is incredible) and then a regular screaming/doom/death metal cd. hahaha. metal cds for a girl. wtf. it is awesome. <br/><br/>tomarrow my mom, brother and his fiance all come to town for the madison juggling festival. we will drive up to madison tomarrow night (when <a href="http://nata2.info/pictures/Incoming/matiss.gif">damned matiss</a> gets out of work) and stay there until sunday. lots and lots of juggling. I plan to get some yoyo in and hope to PASS a BUNCH with my brother. hopefully it will be ffun andhe won't lose his arms like last time. damn arms. <br/><br/>at work I recently got a new computer. it rules. I love new computers.. now all I gotta do is await my bling...  
