--- 
wordpress_id: 1448
layout: post
title: "Our first CSA experience: Freshpicks.com"
date: 2007-05-28 22:39:28 -05:00
tags: general, chicago, agriculture, organic, freshpickscom, csa
wordpress_url: http://www.nata2.org/2007/05/28/our-first-csa-experience-freshpickscom/
---
<p>When hiromi lived in Tokyo, she had this amazing service that delivered produce and whatnot&nbsp;every week in the form of a somewhat blind box. It was great. She got awesome produce, fresh and magically. She didn't really have a choice in what produce arrived, and was only guaranteed that it would be in season and locally grown.&nbsp;</p> <p>When visiting, and marveling at all things Japanese - I just attributed it to another interesting thing that japan has created.&nbsp; However, while talking to my friend Jon, he explained that it was most likely a <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Community-supported_agriculture">Community-supported agriculture group</a>. Jon explained how it works and and how I&nbsp;should be able to find one locally and take advantage of the same magic that hiromi had in Tokyo.</p> <p>So I went looking and found this place called Freshpicks.com. They have some cheesy story about how they&nbsp;were professionals and&nbsp;wanted to start a CSA - but the results are great. We signed up last week and received our first box on Thursday. It was awesome. A bundle of cilantro, some arugula, some rhubarb (for which hiromi made an awesome rhubarb pie) and some other less memorable stuff. Its only $25 bucks and they deliver the produce to you. So you don't really have to do much but cook and eat. It makes me excited. </p> <p>To find out about a CSA close to you, check out <a href="http://www.localharvest.org/">Local Harvest</a>. They have all sorts of resources for finding CSAs, and other good organic stuffs. </p> <div class="wlWriterSmartContent" id="0767317B-992E-4b12-91E0-4F059A8CECA8:5d691377-663c-4f8f-b82f-9de8a34ab39a" contenteditable="false" style="padding-right: 0px; display: inline; padding-left: 0px; padding-bottom: 0px; margin: 0px; padding-top: 0px">[tags]csa, chicago, freshpicks.com, organic, agriculture[/tags]</div>
