--- 
wordpress_id: 982
layout: post
title: old boy.
excerpt: old boy been working hard. dang dang darn. today I shoudl get my mac mini. so I planned for its arrival. I brought a fancy knife that I use to open things like apple computers, I brought a couple dual headed screwdrivers. and I brought a camera. I am ready t welcome the little guy into the new world. this has brought me to start thinking how silly the things I carry on my person are. so...
tags: phone, computers, school, laptop, apple, ipod, phones, nokia
wordpress_url: http://new.nata2.org/?p=982
---
old boy been working hard. dang dang darn. <br/><br/>today I shoudl get my mac mini. so I planned for its arrival. I brought a fancy knife that I use to open things like apple computers, I brought a couple dual headed screwdrivers. and I brought a camera. I am ready t welcome the little guy into the new world. this has brought me to start thinking how silly the things I carry on my person are. so I decided that I woudl catalog everything that I carry on my person on the way to work. here it is:
<blockquote><small><ul>
<li>clothes (of course)</li>
<li>wallet</li>
<li>keys to my apartment</li>
<li>nokia 7610 phone</li>
<li>moonboots</li> 
<li>hoody</li>
<li>glasses</li>
<li>burts beeswax</li>
<li>ipod mini</li>
<li>shure e2c headphones</li>
<li>richard ford - independence day</li>
<li>mini screw driver</li>
<li>regular sized screw driver</li>
<li>custom <a href="http://www.knifecenter.com/kc_new/store_detail.html?s=QN45EO">big chief knife</a> (customized by my brother while he was in dive school)</li>
<li>work pager</li>
<li>key card</li>
<li>work laptop</li>


</ul></small></blockquote>
So yea. that is what I carried to work. I don't carry a bag or anything. I just stuff my pockets. I probably look like a dork. but who cares. <br/><br/>so I am going to throw out their a smallish gripe. ever since I got the 7610 I have been really happy with my phone - however. it is a pain in the ass to upload pictures. because the pictures are ~1mp so they are a lot larger than I am used to. but it will take a good 15-20 minutes to upload a few pictures. sooooo annoying. <br/><br/>if it was faster I would be posting pictures of my fancy new mac mini that came while writing this post ;).
